#summary The primary goals of the Dingoo_SDK project.
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy,Phase-Support,Phase-Requirements,Phase-Design

The wiki page list can be found [http://code.google.com/p/dingoo-sdk/wiki here].

= Introduction =

Dingoo_SDK is meant to serve as a multi-platform SDK for the [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dingoo Dingoo] A320's native operating system which is a variant of [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MicroC/OS-II µC/OS-II] (uCOS II).

For a list of games and applications built using some variant of the SDK, see the [DevelopedApplications] wiki page.

== Requirements ==

=== Linux ===
  * [http://flatmush.juliusparishy.com/a320/toolchain/mipsel-4.1.2-nopic.tar.bz2 Ingenic toolchain] ([http://www.mediafire.com/download.php?9121dr9s0rqzcq5 mirror])
  * [http://www.stack.nl/~dimitri/doxygen/ Doxygen 1.5.8] (for building the documentation)
  * GNU make

=== Windows ===
  * [http://www.cygwin.com/setup.exe CYGWIN (Latest version, though any version should work)]
    * GNU make
  * [http://www.stack.nl/~dimitri/doxygen/ Doxygen 1.5.8] (for building the documentation)
  * [http://flatmush.juliusparishy.com/a320/toolchain/mipsel-gcc4.1-cygwin-nopic.tar.bz2 Windows MIPSEL Compiler] ([http://www.mediafire.com/download.php?zznd5ijlyiz mirror]) [http://code.google.com/p/dingoo-sdk/downloads local mirror]

== Getting Help ==

=== Read Me ===
The [http://code.google.com/p/dingoo-sdk/source/browse/trunk/dingoo_sdk/ReadMe.txt ReadMe.txt] file included in the highest level of the $DINGOO_SDK directory is the first place you should check for help. There are step-by-step installation instructions there for both Windows and Linux/UNIX build environments.
=== Wiki ===
The wiki is currently a work-in-progress and may not contain much helpful information at the moment, but we are actively working on it.

=== Documentation ===
Use Doxygen to build HTML documentation in the $DINGOO_SDK/doc directory. See the [http://code.google.com/p/dingoo-sdk/source/browse/trunk/dingoo_sdk/ReadMe.txt ReadMe.txt] for instructions.

=== Issues ===
The issues tracker is the best place to post bugs or other unusual errors that aren't the result of a failed or incorrect installation (see the [http://code.google.com/p/dingoo-sdk/source/browse/trunk/dingoo_sdk/ReadMe.txt ReadMe.txt] file). We are also open to feature requests and suggestions as time allows.

=== Chat ===
  * IRC:
    * #dingoo-a320 on irc.freenode.net
    * #dingoonity on irc.freenode.net
  * Forums:
    * [http://boards.dingoonity.org/index.php Dingoonity]
    * [http://www.gp32x.com/board/index.php?/forum/73-dingoo-a320/ gp32x]
  * Email:
    * Developers emails can be found in the project owners/contributors list [http://code.google.com/p/dingoo-sdk/people/list here].